W-15946540 AEH June ga content pr jh (#38)
mulesoft/docs-api-experience-hub: modules/ROOT/pages/common-builder-customizations.adoc

The new domain URL displays in the *Your chosen new My Domain URl* field.
. Click *Save*.

> == Configure Feed Component

Reviewer: Configure the Feed Component
or 
Configure Feed Components

Author: Configure the Feed Component

> Configure the Chatter Feed components. The Feed component displays a feed of all record or group interactions, including posts, questions, system updates, and attachments.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Feed component displays a feed of all record or group interactions, including posts, questions, system updates, and attachments.
```

Reviewer: (Duplicate of the title)

Specify values for the following properties:

|===
|Property| Details
|Feed Type

> |*Group or Record* shows everything that is posted to a selected group or record, for example, an account or opportunity.

Reviewer: Should this be a bullet list?

Author: yes

*Discussion* feed shows everything that is posted to *Navigational Topics*.

> *My Feed* shows feed items that are tagged with a topic, or a person or record that you follow. My Feed also shows all of your personal site activity. You see all shared feed items unless another person shared the item with a group that you aren't a member of. With public groups, you see the feed item that you shared despite not being a member.

Reviewer: Wouldn't you always see items that you share?

Is everyone considered a member of a public group?

Reviewer: Is this Chatter stuff described elsewhere - like in the Salesforce docs? Can you just link to it from here?

> *My Feed* shows feed items that are tagged with a topic, or a person or record that you follow. My Feed also shows all of your personal site activity. You see all shared feed items unless another person shared the item with a group that you aren't a member of. With public groups, you see the feed item that you shared despite not being a member.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
*My Feed* shows feed items that are tagged with a topic, or a person or record that you follow along with your personal site activity. You see all shared feed items unless another person shared the item with a group that you aren't a member of. With public groups, you see the feed item that you shared even if you're not a member.
```

*Topic* feed shows everything that is posted to a selected topic.

*User Profile* feed shows posts that the member creates or interacts with for example, comments or answers that is posted for user profile feeds.

> *Bookmarks* feed shows only bookmarked posts, pool, or questions that is posted for a selected bookmark.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
*Bookmarks* feed shows only bookmarked posts, pool, or questions posted for a selected bookmark.
```

|Record ID

> |The feed item ID. Typically, this field populates automatically when the page loads. Leave this field blank if you pick the *Discussion* or *My Feed options* in *Feed Type*.

Reviewer: Any way to make this description parallel with the others (imperative)?

|Default Filter
|Select the default filter for feed entries that you want your site members to see.
|Post Style
|Choose to expand or collapse post comments by default.
|Let members search feeds
|Choose to let site members search an individual feed.
|Let members sort feeds
|Choose to let site members sort a feed. When sorting is enabled, members can sort a feed by the latest posts or most recent activity.
|===

== Configure Feed Publisher Component

> Configure the Chatter Feed Publisher component to enable portal members to create posts on groups or records and upload attachments.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To enable portal members to create posts on groups or records and upload attachments, configure the Chatter Feed Publisher component.
```

Specify values for the following properties:

|===
|Property| Details
|Type

> |Select the type of feed publisher you want to place on your page. To use global publisher actions defined in your Salesforce organization, choose *Global*. To use an object-specific publisher layout, choose Record.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|Select the type of feed publisher to add to your page. To use global publisher actions defined in your Salesforce organization, choose *Global*. To use an object-specific publisher layout, choose *Record*.
```

|Record ID

> |The feed item ID. Typically, this field is automatically populated with the record ID when the page loads. Leave this field blank if you pick the *Global feed* publisher type.

Reviewer: parallel?

Specify or remove the feed item ID?
